- [Instructor] The Hplus IT directors asked
if we have configured the Payara server database resources.
And so, we're off to our next task.
Again, with the Payara Glassfish server started,
we're going to add our MySQL database driver
to the Payara instance using the CLI.
By typing bin/asadmin add-library,
and then we're going to go to our downloads,
select the database driver,
and hit enter.
This will prompt us for a username, we'll type admin,
and a password.
If everything was successful,
we should see a command that says
add-library executed successfully.
Alright, so now let's open back up our browser,
then go to the resources,
and select JDBC,
and then JDBC Connection Pools.
You'll notice that on this page,
there are a couple of different connection pools already.
Keep in mind, these are here for examples,
and not meant for production.
We'll click on the New buttton,
and in the Pool Name, I'm going to put HplusPool.
In the Resource Type, I'll select javax.sql.DataSource.
For Database Driver, there are many listed here.
Scroll down till you get to MySql,
and then click next.
For this next window that opens,
in it, it has several input properties to fill out.
We need to replace the Datasource Classname dropdown.
So in the available field here,
we will modify this to use
com.mysql.cj.jdbc.MysqlDataSource.
We have to use this instead,
otherwise the connection will fail.
Next, we're going to enable the ping
so that when we're done with this pool,
it will automatically let us know
if it's succeeded in connecting with the database.
We'll leave the rest of these properties as they are,
and skip down to the table at the very bottom.
In this table,
we'll have to ignore some properties
and add other properties in there stead.
This is because the MySQL database and driver we are using.
For password, enter My$3cret.
For databaseName, enter hplus_db.
Ignore the roleName property,
and the serverName, enter 127.0.0.1.
Ignore the datasourceName.
For the user, enter hplus_user.
We'll ignore the networkProtocol.
For portNumber, enter 3306.
Before we click finish,
we're going to change the networkProtocol,
and replace it with useSSL.
We'll set the value to false.
So again, we're ignoring the roleName,
and the datasourceName,
and we'll click finish.
Awesome, it worked!